[DOC] Refresh content and update screenshots based on 2.11 views (#5480)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/discover/index-discover.md

---

# Discover

**Discover** is a tool for exploring your data in OpenSearch Dashboards. You can use **Discover** to visually represent your data on a dashboard and provide a high-level view of key metrics. 

> A screenshot of the **Discover** start screen is shown in the following image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following image represents a typical **Discover** page using sample data.
```
